
\input texinfo

@setfilename maze.info

@settitle Texinfo Example

@titlepage

    @title Description Maze

    @author varlybot, julissam

@end titlepage


@node Top
@top GNU Sample


@menu
* Introduction::    About program
* Sections::        Main features of the program
* Interface::       Program Interface
* Instructions::    Instructions for Use
@end menu


@node Introduction

@chapter Introduction

The Maze program provides tools for generating, solving, and displaying perfect mazes, as well as for generating and displaying caves using a cellular automaton. The program features a graphical user interface (GUI) and is implemented in C++ using a GUI library.



@node Sections

@chapter Main features of the program

@strong{Main features of the program:}
@enumerate
@item @strong{Generation of Perfect Mazes:}
    @itemize -
        @item A perfect maze is a maze in which there is exactly one way to reach any point from any other point.
        @item Mazes are generated using the Eller's algorithm.
        @item Generation of a perfect maze based on a specified dimension (number of rows and columns).
    @end itemize
@item @strong{Loading Mazes from a File:}
    @itemize -
        @item Ability to load a maze from a file following a specific format.
    @end itemize 
@item @strong{Displaying Maze Solutions:}
    @itemize -
        @item Users can specify the starting and ending points of the maze.
        @item The program displays the maze solution as a line passing through the middle of maze cells.
    @end itemize
@item @strong{Generation and Display of Caves:}
    @itemize -
        @item Generation of caves using a cellular automaton.
        @item Users can set the birth and death limits of cells, as well as the chance of initial cell initialization.
        @item Displaying caves on the screen with the option for step-by-step or automatic iteration of the generation process.
    @end itemize
@end enumerate



@node Interface

@chapter Program Interface

@itemize *
    @item @strong{Maze:} Tab for generating perfect mazes.
        @itemize -
            @item @emph{import}: load a maze from a file.
            @item @emph{export}: save a maze to a file.
            @item @emph{generation}: generate a random maze (rows, cols - dimensions of the generated maze).
            @item @emph{build path}: construct a path through the maze from the "Start point" to the "End point."
        @end itemize
    @item @strong{Cave:} Tab for generating and displaying caves.
        @itemize -
            @item @emph{import}: load a cave from a file.
            @item @emph{export}: save a cave to a file.
            @item @emph{generation}: generate a random cave (rows, cols - dimensions of the generated cave).
            @item @emph{step}: perform an iteration of the cave generation algorithm.
            @item @emph{auto}: automatically iterate the cave generation algorithm.
        @end itemize
@end itemize



@node Instructions

@chapter Instructions for Use:

@enumerate
    @item Choose the appropriate tab in the program depending on what you want to do (generate a maze, load from a file, solve a maze, generate caves).
    @item Follow the on-screen prompts to perform the selected operation.
    @item To exit the program, use the "Exit" button or close the application window.
@end enumerate


@bye